let's talk about feet when was the last
time you lost the ability to spread and
articulate your fingers probably never
so then why has everybody lost the
ability to spread and articulate their
toes but why would I need to spread my
toes well because the muscles that
spread your toes also make up a
significant part of your arch but since
these giant shoe companies have been
squishing your toes your whole life you
have weak arches which means you need
arch support so you buy more shoes that
have more cushion and they make you more
weak that's not very cash money if you
ask me yeah but those look like video
game feed you really should get more
creative with your insults besides if
you want something more low-key Pala
just came out with black on black they
look beautiful I feel like a ninja use
code stay flexy